Specifying port 443 should allow outbound traffic (#5854)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/private_locations.md

    * For the Datadog US site: `curl https://api.datadoghq.com`.
    * For the Datadog EU site:   `curl https://api.datadoghq.eu`.
    

> **Note**: Since test configurations are pulled and test results are pushed via HTTPS, you need to make sure to allow outbound traffic on port 443.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**:  You must allow inbound and outbound traffic on port `443` because test configurations are pulled and test results are pushed via HTTPS over port `443`.
```
